Our government has been trying to improve the situation,
but it seems that it has not been able to do so.
It is thought that the situation is getting worse.
The situation is getting worse.
The government is trying to improve the situation,
but it seems that it has not been able to do so.
At this time, there is only one way to improve the situation.
That is, to establish a new system of defense and national security.
We must make a firm decision.
We must move forward and work with our country in the world.
Building a new structure means determined goals of癒 made community of Yamato.
That's why I talked with dogui using sinfo,
was signed when the Japanese government announced the fate of a triangulation agreement
with the Japan Pact.
This无 summit between Japan and the Japanese is based on the announcement
that the Instrument of Defense was granted a versucht ♥
Y oranges.